.TH ZIM "1" "April 2013" "zim 0.60" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
zim \- A Desktop Wiki Editor

.SH SYNOPSIS
usage: zim [OPTIONS] [NOTEBOOK [PAGE]]
   or: zim \-\-server [OPTIONS] [NOTEBOOK]
   or: zim \-\-export [OPTIONS] NOTEBOOK [PAGE]
   or: zim \-\-search NOTEBOOK QUERY
   or: zim \-\-index  [OPTIONS] NOTEBOOK
   or: zim \-\-plugin PLUGIN [ARGUMENTS]
   or: zim \-\-manual [OPTIONS] [PAGE]
   or: zim \-\-help

.SH DESCRIPTION
Zim is a graphical text editor used to maintain a collection of wiki pages.
Each page can contain links to other pages, simple formatting and images.
Pages are stored in a folder structure, like in an outliner, and can have
attachments. Creating a new page is as easy as linking to a nonexistent page.
All data is stored in plain text files with wiki formatting. Various plugins
provide additional functionality, like a task list manager, an equation
editor, a tray icon, and support for version control.

Zim can be used to:
* Keep an archive of notes
* Take notes during meetings or lectures
* Organize task lists
* Draft blog entries and emails
* Do brainstorming
.SH OPTIONS
General Options:
  \-\-gui           run the editor (this is the default)
  \-\-server        run the web server
  \-\-export        export to a different format
  \-\-search        run a search query on a notebook
  \-\-index         build an index for a notebook
  \-\-plugin        call a specific plugin function
  \-\-manual        open the user manual
  \-V, \-\-verbose   print information to terminal
  \-D, \-\-debug     print debug messages
  \-v, \-\-version   print version and exit
  \-h, \-\-help      print this text

GUI Options:
  \-\-list          show the list with notebooks instead of
                  opening the default notebook
  \-\-geometry      window size and position as WxH+X+Y
  \-\-fullscreen    start in fullscreen mode
  \-\-standalone     start a single instance, no background process

Server Options:
  \-\-port          port to use (defaults to 8080)
  \-\-template      name of the template to use
  \-\-gui           run the gui wrapper for the server

Export Options:
  \-\-format        format to use (defaults to 'html')
  \-\-template      name of the template to use
  \-o, \-\-output    output directory
  \-\-root\-url      url to use for the document root
  \-\-index\-page    index page name

  You can use the export option to print a single page to stdout.
  When exporting a whole notebook you need to provide a directory.

Search Options:
  None

Index Options:
  \-o, \-\-output    output file

Try 'zim \-\-manual' for more help.

.SH AUTHOR
Jaap Karssenberg <jaap.karssenberg@gmail.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B zim
is maintained as a zim notebook. The command
.IP
.B zim --manual
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.

The website for
.B zim
can be found at
.I http://www.zim-wiki.org
